NEPTUNE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
FOR DIGITAL PROGRAMS

These terms and conditions form a part of the Letter of Commitment (“LOC”) 
between Client and CB Neptune Holdings, LLC (“Neptune”) for the (i) SmartSource 
Online Savings Network
Program, (ii) SmartSource Coupon Technology Program, (iii)  Targeted Email 
Program, (iv) SmartSource Display Program and/or (vi) SmartSource eFSI Program. 
 Upon execution of the LOC,
Client shall be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions.  Subject to 
the terms and conditions of the LOC, Neptune shall provide the services (the 
“Services”) for the Coupon
Technology Program,  SmartSource Online Savings Network Program, Targeted Email 
Program, SmartSource Display Program or SmartSource eFSI Program as specified 
in the LOC and herein
(each      a “Program”).  Unless otherwise specified herein, these terms and 
conditions shall apply to all Programs.

1.  Services Description; Intellectual Property Rights.

(a) For each SmartSource Online Savings Network Program only, (i) Neptune will 
make available Client’s offer/coupon to users (“Consumers”) to be printed 
and/or clipped to loyalty/retailer
cards or other unique identifier (each, a “clip”) via direct to card technology 
(“D2C”)  in retailers that accept D2C (as such retailer network may be updated 
by Neptune upon notice to Client)
through SmartSource.com, the third party websites comprising the SmartSource 
Network and, as and if indicated on the LOC, email distributions and/or the 
Client’s website and (ii) Client’s
offer/coupon shall remain on the Network until the number of prints/clips 
listed on the LOC are achieved or Client directs Neptune in writing to remove 
Client’s offer/coupon from the Network,
provided that Client shall not be entitled to any refund or reduction of fees 
should Client so direct Neptune to remove Client’s offer/coupon from the 
Network prior to the print/clip number being
achieved.

(b)  For each Coupon Technology Program only, (i) Neptune shall provide the 
technology solution to enable Consumers to print/clip Client’s coupons or 
offers made available through Client’s
website, email blasts sent by Client and/or third party websites (including 
without limitation through banner ads on such websites) designated by Client 
that are not part of the SmartSource
Savings network and (ii) Neptune shall provide such technology solution until 
such time as the number of prints/clips listed on the LOC are achieved or 
Client directs Neptune in writing to no
longer provide the technology solution, provided that Client shall not be 
entitled to any refund or reduction of fees should Client so direct Neptune to 
no longer provide the technology solution
prior to the print number being achieved.

(c) For each Targeted Email Program, Neptune will provide Client’s 
advertising/promotion for electronic mail distribution to email addresses 
satisfying Client-designated criteria as contemplated
by the LOC.  Client shall deliver to the location designated by Neptune, no 
earlier than eight days prior to, and no later than thirty-six hours prior to, 
each Program deployment date set forth in
the applicable LOC, the email addresses of those individuals that have opted 
out of receiving emails from Client which shall be current as of the date it is 
delivered to the location designated by
Neptune (“Client Suppression List”). Should Client fail to provide a Client 
Suppression List a set forth herein within the dates set forth in the preceding 
sentence, (i) Neptune shall have no
obligation to place such Targeted Email Program and in the event of such a 
cancellation by Neptune, Client shall remain responsible for the full amount of 
the Program Fees and Other Fees, as
well      as any other charges and expenses incurred by Neptune resulting from 
the cancellation of such Targeted Email Program and (ii)  should Neptune place 
such Targeted Email Program, then
Client releases Neptune from any and all obligations and liabilities associated 
with opt outs under the CAN-SPAM Act.

(d) For each SmartSource Display Program, Neptune will display Client’s 
advertising/promotion on Neptune’s website (www.smartsource.com) for the period 
and in the location indicated on the
applicable LOC.  Client shall not be entitled to any refund or reduction of 
fees should Client direct Neptune to remove the SmartSource Display Program 
prior to the expiration of the period
indicated on the LOC.

SmartSource Display Programs shall not contain coupons unless approved in 
advance by Neptune.

(f) For each SmartSource eFSI Program, Neptune will create a digital 
multi-advertiser booklet containing Client Materials as well as advertising 
and/or promotional materials furnished by other
advertisers (each, an “eFSI Issue”), for digital publication. Each eFSI Issue 
will run for a period of approximately one (1) week commencing on the 
corresponding hard copy free standing insert
(each an “FSI”) publication issue start date (“eFSI Issue Start Date”) and in 
the digital publications set forth in the LOC.  If Client elects in an LOC to 
publish their offer on SmartSource.com,
such offer will be available nationally. Each SmartSource eFSI Program for 
which there is a coupon in the corresponding FSI shall include either or both 
of printable coupons or D2C couponing as
set forth in the LOC. Neptune agrees that no coupon for a product directly 
competitive with any of Client's couponed products (as listed on the applicable 
LOC) will appear in the same eFSI Issue
in the same markets as the promotion for Client’s couponed products (as listed 
on the applicable LOC) appears, provided, however, the foregoing category 
exclusivity may not apply when there
are multiple issues of the hard copy free standing insert on the eFSI Issue 
Start Date. “Directly competitive” shall be determined under the then current 
guidelines utilized by Neptune as of the
eFSI Issue Start Date unless otherwise mutually agreed to by Neptune and Client 
in writing.

(g) Client shall provide Neptune with the information necessary for Neptune to 
create the Program including the advertising and/or promotion materials, 
including but not limited to the coupons,
offers, data, text, graphics, product UPC codes, production forms and other 
materials provided by Client (together with all materials approved by Client 
hereunder, collectively, the “Client
Materials”).  With respect to Targeted Email Programs only, Client Materials 
shall include the Client Suppression List.  At all times while this LOC is in 
effect, Client shall provide to Neptune all
necessary access to the Client Materials in order to fulfill its obligations 
hereunder. Client acknowledges that Client Materials may not be available for 
download for use with certain retailers based
on retailer restrictions.

(h) Neptune shall retain sole and exclusive title to, and all rights in, all 
intellectual property related to the Services (except for Client Materials), 
including, but not limited to, the Services, and any
know-how related to the Services or Neptune products.

2.  Client Materials.

(a) Client shall be responsible for the submission of all Client Materials 
(including all approvals of materials) and the signed LOC to Neptune on or 
before the due dates (the “Due Dates”)
specified in the applicable LOC. Client hereby licenses Neptune the right to 
use, produce and reproduce all such Client Materials as contemplated hereby. 
Neptune hereby disclaims all
responsibility and liability for Client Materials. All Client Materials 
submitted to Neptune must conform to Neptune’s specified formatting guidelines. 
Failure by Client to timely deliver or approve
the       Client Materials or the signed LOC on or prior to the Due Dates shall 
render the LOC subject to cancellation by Neptune, subject to Section 4.  If 
Neptune is able to deliver the Services
notwithstanding late delivery of Client Materials, Client shall be liable for 
all charges incurred by Neptune by reason of such late delivery (collectively, 
the “Late Delivery Charges”).

(b) Neptune reserves the right to (i) reject any Client Materials for any 
reason, including, without limitation, subject matter, form, size, wording, 
illustration, typography and content and to adjust
Client-submitted product UPC codes based on distribution at participating 
retailers; and (ii) modify the Client Materials to make them suitable for the 
SmartSource eFSI Program (including, but
not limited to, blocking out any machine readable bar coding).

(c) In preparing the Client coupon/offer for distribution as contemplated by 
Section 1(a), Neptune shall compile the Client Materials and submit to Client 
the coupon/offer in the final form in which
it will be presented to the Consumer.  Unless Client provides Neptune with its 
objection to such final form materials in writing (which written approval may 
be via email, fax or as provided in
Section 12(k) below) within the lesser of (i) forty-five (45) days after 
submission to Client or (ii) forty-eight (48) hours prior to the “go-live” date 
for the applicable Program, such materials shall
be deemed approved by Client for distribution as set forth herein.

3.  Price and Payment.

(a) For each Program, Client shall pay to Neptune the “Program Fee” set forth 
in the LOC as follows: For Programs contracted sixty (60) days or more prior to 
the Program start date, the
Program Fee will be invoiced approximately sixty (60) days prior to the Program 
start date and is due no later than thirty (30) days from the invoice date. For 
Programs contracted less than sixty

(60) days prior to the Program start date, the Program Fee will be invoiced 
upon signature of the LOC and is due upon receipt of invoice.  Notwithstanding 
the previous sentence, Client may also
be liable for Late Delivery Charges and Other Fees, as applicable, in addition 
to the Program Fee. “Other Fees” is defined as amounts charged for any 
additional services performed in connection
with a Program, as agreed by the parties in writing (e.g. research fees).  All 
amounts due for each Program are exclusive of all applicable taxes.

(b) Client shall be responsible for all federal, state, municipal and other 
taxes imposed on all services performed by Neptune.

(c) Client shall be responsible for payment of all amounts due to Neptune under 
each LOC, whether such LOC is executed by Client directly or by an agency 
acting as agent for Client (an
"Agency"). Mailing of invoices to any Agency or acceptance of payment from an 
Agency are solely for the convenience of Client, and Client shall remain liable 
for its obligations to Neptune until
such time as Neptune has been paid in full all amounts due to it under each 
LOC.  Unless Client either includes the relevant purchase order number in the 
space indicated in the signed LOC
returned to Neptune or provides the purchase order number to Neptune in writing 
no later than eight (8) weeks prior to the program start date, then Client 
agrees to pay the full Program Fee
without submitting to Neptune a purchase order in connection therewith.

(d) Should Client fail to remit any amounts when due, Neptune shall have the 
right to charge, and Client agrees to pay, interest on past due balances at the 
rate of the lesser of one and one half
percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum amount permitted by law. Client shall 
be responsible for all Neptune’s costs of collection of past due amounts 
(including without limitation reasonable
attorneys’ fees).

4.   LOCs; Cancellation.

(a) Each LOC shall constitute a separate, distinct, and independent work 
assignment, and shall have no effect upon other LOCs.  No conditions, printed 
or otherwise, appearing on any LOCs, or
instructions, submitted to Neptune, will be binding upon Neptune unless signed 
by an authorized representative of Neptune. Delivery of an executed LOC shall 
constitute a binding, irrevocable
commitment of Client with respect to the Program placement contemplated by such 
LOC.

(b) If Client requests cancellation of an LOC or a decrease in the Programs 
following delivery of an executed LOC or if an LOC is cancelled for any other 
reason, the parties agree that, as a
reasonable approximation of the damages suffered by Neptune in such event, 
Client shall nevertheless be responsible for the full amount of the Program 
Fees and Other Fees, as well as any other
charges and expenses incurred by Neptune resulting from the cancellation.

(c) Neptune may, by notice to Client, cancel any further obligation on 
Neptune’s part under the LOC upon the happening of any one or more of the 
following events or conditions: (i) failure by
Client to perform or breach of the terms and conditions contained in the LOC, 
including, without limitation, the failure by Client to pay any part of any 
amounts due to Neptune promptly when
due; or (ii) if Client shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, 
commence any proceeding under bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency laws or 
be the subject of any such proceeding
or generally fail to pay its debts as they become due.

5.  Limitation of Liability.

(a) Neptune shall not be liable for its failure or delay in the performance of 
its obligations hereunder due to fire, flood, war, riot, accident, strikes, 
acts of God, interruption of or delay in
transportation, changes in laws or regulations, or any other causes beyond 
Neptune’s reasonable control.

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein or in the LOC to the contrary, (i) Client 
shall be liable (and Neptune shall not be liable) for any errors and omissions 
contained in any Client Materials or
advertising materials provided by Client to Neptune or otherwise approved by 
Client prior to posting or distribution; and (ii) Neptune shall not be liable 
to the extent liability is not caused by
Neptune.

(c) Anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding, in no event shall 
Neptune’s liability under or arising out of the LOC exceed the amount 
previously paid to Neptune by Client in respect of the
applicable Program under the LOC to which such liability relates or during 
which such liability occurs. Neptune shall not, under any circumstances, be 
responsible for any indirect, consequential,
incidental or special damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits, 
business interruption, loss of goodwill or punitive damages, regardless of 
cause.  Neptune shall have no liability for
errors or omissions by Neptune in cases where Client fails to provide Client 
Materials by the applicable Due Dates, even if Neptune accepts Client Materials 
for placement.

6. Representations and Warranties. Client represents, warrants and covenants to 
Neptune that: (a) Client owns or has the appropriate license to use and permit 
Neptune to use any and all
Client Materials provided to Neptune hereunder as contemplated by this LOC; (b) 
no part of Client Materials contains or will contain any defamatory or libelous 
matter, nor will Client Materials, in
any way, infringe upon or violate any copyright, trademark, patent, right of 
privacy or any other rights (statutory, proprietary or otherwise); (c) Client, 
the Client Materials and the distribution of
the Client Materials as contemplated by the LOC will not  violate the 
provisions of any law, regulation, ordinance or ruling of any court, government 
body or agency; (d) the Client Suppression
List provided to Neptune shall be true, correct and complete, with all updates 
thereto provided to Neptune in accordance with Section 1(c) hereof, with 
respect to each Program deployment date
set forth in the applicable LOC and for the duration of the Program; (e) Client 
Materials do not and will not contain any coupon, tie-in or other promotion for 
any products other than Client's
products unless agreed to in writing in advance by Neptune; (f) it has full 
power and authority to enter into and perform under each LOC; (g) each LOC (i) 
has been and will be duly authorized,


executed and delivered by Client, and (ii) constitutes and will constitute a 
valid and binding obligation of Client; (h) performing under each LOC does not 
and will not breach, conflict with or constitute a
default under any other agreement, arrangement or instrument applicable to any 
advertiser participating in such program, including Client; and (i) the person 
executing and delivering each LOC is duly
authorized to do so.

7.  Data Collection Policy. To the extent that Client desires to drop cookies 
on Consumer’s computers or use pixels, web beacons or other data collecting 
technology (the "Data Collecting
Technology") with respect to any Program hereunder to track impressions and 
related data with respect thereto (collectively, the “Approved Purpose”), 
Client shall obtain the prior written
approval       of Neptune and provide all information requested by Neptune 
regarding such Data Collecting Technology. If Neptune authorizes Client to use 
Data Collecting Technology, Client agrees to
use such Data Collecting Technology and all data collected there from solely 
during the term of the Program and in the manner disclosed to Neptune and only 
for the Approved Purpose. In no
event shall such Data Collecting Technology or the data collected therefrom be 
used by Client for the purpose of tracking or targeting Consumers when they 
leave SmartSource.com, the third
party websites comprising the SmartSource Network, or be combined with 
information collected from other sources, except as otherwise expressly 
authorized by Neptune. Client shall ensure that
all such data will be deleted from its servers upon termination or expiration 
of the relationship between Neptune and Client.

8.  Ad Verification Services. Client must obtain Neptune’s prior written 
approval to use ad verification services (e.g., DoubleVerify, AdSafe) (the “Ad 
Verification Services”) in connection
with any Program and of the types of tracking/crawling technologies being used 
in connection with such Ad Verification Services. Neptune may approve or reject 
in its sole discretion the use of
Ad Verification Services with respect to a Program generally or the use of a 
specific vendor. If Neptune approves the use of an Ad Verification Service, 
Client will provide reports from the Ad
Verification Service to Neptune twice per week to enable the parties to discuss 
any issues raised by such reports on an immediate basis. Such reports should 
identify specific delivery problems,
associated sites and number of impressions. Neptune is under no obligation to 
adjust its billing or provide make-goods or credits as a result of reports. 
However, Neptune will consider in good
faith any issues raised by such reports, including optimization issues and 
other errors.

9.  Indemnification for Third Party Claims.

(a) Neptune shall indemnify, defend and hold Client and its affiliates and 
their respective directors, shareholders, officers, employees and other 
representatives harmless from and against any and
all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including without 
limitation reasonable legal fees), which Client or such indemnitees shall incur 
by reason of any claim, suit, proceeding,
investigation or action by any governmental authority or other third party 
against Client or such indemnitees based upon, or arising out of, any breach or 
alleged breach by Neptune of any of its
obligations under the LOC, except to the extent arising from the negligence or 
intentional misconduct of Client. In case of the assertion of any third party 
claim which may give rise to
indemnification by Neptune hereunder, Client shall give prompt notice thereof 
to Neptune. Neptune shall have the right to defend, at Neptune’s expense, any 
such claims, suits or actions and to
manage and control all such claims, suits or actions with legal counsel of its 
own selection, except that Neptune shall not settle any such claim, suit or 
action without the prior written consent of
Client, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

(b) Client shall indemnify, defend and hold Neptune and its affiliates and 
their respective directors, shareholders, officers, employees and other 
representatives harmless from and against any and
all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including without 
limitation, reasonable legal fees) which Neptune or such indemnitees shall 
incur by reason of any claim, suit, proceeding,
investigation or action by any governmental authority or other third party 
against or involving Neptune or such indemnitees based upon, or arising out of, 
any breach or alleged breach of the LOC
by       Client, any Client Materials, the manufacture, marketing, use, 
distribution or purchase of Client's products, the redemption of coupons, the 
Client Suppression List or the failure by Client to
provide or update the Client Suppression List in accordance with the terms 
contained herein, or the negligence or intentional misconduct of Client. In 
case of the assertion of any third party claim
which may give rise to indemnification by Client hereunder, Neptune shall give 
prompt notice thereof to Client. Client shall have the right to defend, at 
Client's expense, any such claims, suits or
actions and to manage and control all such claims, suits or actions with legal 
counsel of its own selection, except that Client shall not settle any such 
claim, suit or action without the prior written
consent of Neptune, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

(c) Client shall bear exclusive responsibility for the entire cost of all 
coupons redeemed, including, without limitation, the coupon value and all 
applicable handling fees, and for compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations relating to couponing and advertising 
activities with respect to Client Materials, products and promotions.

10.  Warranties and Waiver.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, NEPTUNE 
HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS 
WHATSOEVER,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, UNDER STATUTE OR ARISING OTHERWISE IN LAW FROM A COURSE OF 
DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY 
IMPLIED
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY 
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.   Client acknowledges and agrees 
that
Neptune       shall have no responsibility or liability as a result of a 
Consumer’s inability to print Client’s coupon/offer, including without 
limitation as a result of firewalls, inability to successfully
download the print at home software, printer failure or error, failure of 
internet connection, etc. A waiver by either party hereto of any default or 
breach by the other of any provision hereof shall
not        be considered a waiver of any subsequent default or breach of the 
same or of any other provisions hereof. The failure of either party to object 
to or to take affirmative action with respect to
any conduct of the other which is in violation of the LOC shall not be 
construed as a waiver thereof, or of any future breach or subsequent wrongful 
conduct.

11.  Confidentiality.   Each party shall keep the terms of the LOC confidential 
and shall not disclose any of such terms other than to such party’s respective 
officers, directors, employees, affiliates,
contractors or advisors with a need to know such terms in order for such party 
to perform its obligations hereunder and who represent personally that they 
agree to keep such terms confidential, except
as required to be disclosed by law, regulation, proceeding, order or 
investigation of any court or governmental authority or agency (provided that, 
to the extent permissible, reasonable prior
notice is provided to the other party prior to disclosure).  If a third party 
(e.g., advertising agency or other promotional services company) is authorized 
by Client to place Client’s programs, then
Neptune and Client are authorized to provide to such agency or company only 
such information (rates, schedules, terms and conditions) as reasonably 
necessary to ensure successful placement
of     that program and compliance with the LOC, provided such third party 
agrees to keep such information confidential.

12.  General.

(a) Each LOC and the documents or agreements related thereto shall be governed 
by, construed, and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New 
York, without regard to principles
in respect of conflict of law. The parties agree that the state and federal 
courts in the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction with respect 
to any claim arising out of, related to, or
concerning the LOC and the documents and/or transactions related thereto, 
unless waived by Neptune, in its sole and absolute discretion; provided, 
however, that with regard to an action
commenced by Neptune, Client further consents to the jurisdiction of the courts 
of any jurisdiction in which Client has a presence, conducts business, or 
maintains assets.  Client hereby waives
and agrees not to assert any defense based on the alleged lack of jurisdiction 
of such courts or that such courts are an inconvenient forum

(b) Neither the LOC nor any LOC may be assigned or transferred by Client 
without the prior written consent of Neptune, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. The LOC and each LOC
shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and 
their respective successors and permitted assigns. No provision of any LOC 
shall be nullified or affected in any manner as
a result of any reorganization or by any change to any other form of business 
organization of Client.  In the event of any merger, consolidation or sale of 
all or substantially all of the assets of
Client (each a “Transaction”), Client agrees that it will not conclude any 
Transaction unless it enters into an agreement with the other party to such 
Transaction (the “Transacting Party”) that
fully assigns each LOC to the Transacting Party.  Client agrees that it will 
provide Neptune with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any such 
Transaction.

(c) The LOCs constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the 
subject matter thereof and shall (i) supersede all prior agreements, 
arrangements or understandings with respect
thereto and (ii) may not be modified by the terms, conditions or provisions of 
any purchase order or other documents or instructions submitted by Client. No 
LOC may be changed or modified or
any provisions therein waived except in a writing signed by both parties.

(d) If any term or provision of the LOC shall, to any extent, be held to be 
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions of such LOC shall 
not be affected thereby and each term
and provision of thereof shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent 
permitted by law provided that any such invalidity or unenforceability does not 
negatively impact the nature of the
relationship contemplated by the LOC.  Subject to the foregoing, if a court of 
competent jurisdiction finds that any provision of an LOC is invalid or 
unenforceable, but that by limiting such
provision  it would become valid and enforceable, then such provision shall be 
deemed written, construed, and enforced as limited. The LOC shall be construed 
without regard to any presumption or
other rule requiring construction against the party causing such documents to 
be drafted.

(e) No action of any kind arising out of or related to the performance of the 
LOC or otherwise may be brought by either party more than twelve (12) months 
after the same has accrued except an
action for non-payment or indemnification which may be commenced within the 
period provided by statute.

(f) Any provision of the LOC which contemplates performance or observance 
subsequent to expiration of the term or termination of such LOC (including 
without limitation confidentiality, warranty and
indemnification provisions) shall survive the expiration of the term or any 
termination of such LOC and shall remain subject to these terms and conditions.

(g) Client acknowledges and agrees that monetary damages would not be an 
adequate remedy for the damage suffered by Neptune as a result of a breach of 
any of the provisions of the LOC by Client
and, accordingly, Client agrees that in addition to any other remedy which is 
available to Neptune, Neptune shall be entitled, without bond and without the 
necessity of showing actual monetary
damages, to equitable relief, including without limitation, relief by way of 
temporary or permanent injunction and to such other relief that any court of 
competent jurisdiction may deem just and proper
to  enforce the terms and provisions of such LOC.

(h) Except as specifically provided herein, the rights and remedies herein 
provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies which 
the parties may otherwise have at law or
in equity.  Neptune shall have no duty to mitigate any damages.

(i) Headings of sections or paragraphs are for convenience only.

(j) The parties’ relationship is that of independent contractor. Neither the 
LOC nor the transactions contemplated thereby are to be construed as creating a 
partnership, joint venture, master-servant,
principal-agent, employment, trust arrangement or other relationship for any 
purpose whatsoever.  Neither party may be held for the acts either of omission 
or commission of the other party, and
neither     party is authorized to or has the power to obligate or bind the 
other party by contract, agreement, warranty, representation or otherwise in 
any manner whatsoever.

(k) Except as specifically provided herein, all notices required or permitted 
to be given pursuant hereto shall be given to the parties by hand delivery, 
reputable overnight courier or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, to the addresses of Neptune and the 
Client and/or Agency set forth on the LOC.

-END-

